1st Discipline, Chapter of Faith
1 It was the time of Khan Crovus, in the mountain town of Revenrak Falls. 2 Matthias of Pelinal, a devout Faenen, and Rodrick of Southern Farreach, merely a self-described Faenen, sat rotting in a jail cell. 3 Day and night their jailers reminded them of their appointed execution for refusing to pay tribute to skribbit, a false idol of evil, but Matthias kept his faith about him like a cloak and prayed every night for salvation.

4 At dawn of the morning the two men were to be executed, Rodrick awoke to see Matthias already risen from the floor of their cell, staring at the wall that separated them from freedom. 5 Rodrick asked what Matthias was doing, and Matthias replied, "I have been blessed with a divine vision. Our freedom is at hand." 6 "You are a fool," the younger man replied. "If Faenen wanted us to live, She would have rescued us by now." 7 Matthias did not waver, but simply said, "Watch as this fool leads you to salvation, and rejoice."

8 Matthias lifted his hands above his head and formed the shape of the curved diamond, the symbol of Faenen, and the stone wall fell away as though made of sand, flooding their cell with blessed sunlight and the roar of the town's many waterfalls. 9 Matthias was quick to flee into the morning light. Rodrick, stunned, eventually broke from his stupor and gave chase just as the jailers saw what had transpired and made to open his cell door. 10 "Is it by alchemy that walls crumble before you? Or perhaps you had assistance from the outside," Rodrick mentioned as the pair ran into the nearby marketplace to lose their pursuers in the bustling crowd. 11 "The latter," Matthias answered. "It is Faenen who's saved us." 12 But Rodrick did not share his conviction.

13 A voice cried out from behind. "In the name of high priest Molder, I charge all who hear me to stop those criminals!" 14 The throng of merchants and tradesmen closed in around the pair, halting them in their tracks. 15 "Our fate is sealed," Rodrick wailed. "If we surrender now, our execution may yet be quick and fair." 16 Matthias shivered at the words of the self-proclaimed Faenen. "There can be no fairness in executing a man for his belief in Faenen. Now still your tongue and behold Her mercy."

17 Matthias formed the curved diamond with his hands again, and the crowd parted as though making way for a king. 18 Rodrick was unimpressed. "This is a town of heathens. Of course none among them wish to be associated with Faenen. It is not a miracle that they move from us, but their own desire." 19 "Your lack of faith blinds you to the truth," Matthias responded. "But you will see soon enough."

20 The pair fled through dusty, winding alleys and reached the outskirts of Revenrak Falls. 21 Rodrick made to take the only road leading out of town, but Matthias stopped him. 22 "Our pursuers expect us to take that path. There is a better way." 23 "There is no other way," Rodrick replied. "There is only the trail leading to the valley below; we are flanked on all other sides by impassable mountains." 24 "If you cannot trust in me, then trust in Faenen," Matthias answered.

25 The two didn't get far before coming to a wide gorge with a raging river below them, and several guards were fast approaching in the distance. 26 "Lo, this is how your faith is rewarded! We will surely be executed now." 27 Matthias simply shook his head and said, "No, §lthis§r is how my faith is rewarded." 28 Matthias ran and leapt from one clifftop to the other, flying more than one hundred cubits through the air.

29 Rodrick stood dumbstruck. "Wait, brother! I believe in Faenen, but I can no sooner jump that far than reach the stars!" 30 "Then your faith is as morning dew: shallow and fleeting," Matthias scolded. 31 "Did you not say that you would lead me to salvation? Did you not not say that Faenen has saved us both?" 32 "Indeed, which is why you would be wise to walk across this while you can." Matthias formed the symbol of Faenen above his head one more time. 33 "Walk across what?"

34 The ground quaked fiercely, and within moments the two clifftops rushed toward each other, forming a mountain of limestone where, moments ago, there had been a canyon and a river. 35 "This." 36 Gawking, Rodrick ran forward as the guards would soon be upon him. 37 The ground quaked once more, split open, and the two clifftops rushed apart from each other, creating a deep gorge between them once more, leaving the two Faenens separated from the guards and jailers who pursued them. 38 Their trek through the Revenrak Mountains that day was grueling, but made possible through the combined power of Faenen and faith.

39 At nightfall the two set up a modest camp, hardly more than a small fire to ward off predators. 40 Matthias quietly mentioned, "I've been thinking. Maybe I've misjudged you." 41 "How so?" 42 "The power of miracles is proportional to not only one's faith, but the faith of others nearby. Even as you questioned the divinity of Faenen's powers, they worked in your presence. Your faith may be stronger than either of us suspected."

43 Rodrick smiled. "That sounds like praise." 44 "Being likened to a puddle rather than a droplet is hardly praise. If we are to survive long enough to reach a Faenen settlement, let your faith be as mine: as unending as the seas and able to move mountains."

Initiates' query: Why is it that followers of Faenen are also known as Faenen and not, for example, Faenenites?
Answer: Whosoever accepts Faenen into their heart also bears the title of Faenen for She dwells within us all.

[The remainder of the original transcript has been lost to time, with many reprintings of the Neryvere offering their own interpretations of Faenen's basic teachings thereafter. Despite many minor differences, each version is in agreement that the remaining chapters are as follows:

1st Discipline, Chapter of Self-Control, which, fittingly, espouses the virtues of self-control. In this chapter, Rodrick learns restraint from the elderly Matthias and begins following Faenen in earnest.
1st Discipline, Chapter of Positivity, which encourages Faenen to keep a positive attitude at all times. In this chapter, Rodrick teaches Matthias that, while faith and self-control are important, life just isn't the same without a positive attitude, and not many people would opt to follow Faenen if Her followers were as cold as ice.

1st Altruism, Chapter of Consideration, which teaches Faenen to be mindful of the feelings of others. Starting from this chapter, the parables used to promote these teachings vary greatly from one version of the Neryvere to the next, but they all maintain the same lessons of consideration, kindness, and so on, in the same order.
1st Altruism, Chapter of Kindness, which advises Faenen to spread happiness wherever they go. As they say: the more, the merrier.
1st Altruism, Chapter of Alleviation, which instructs Faenen to do all they can to alleviate suffering in the world, in all its forms.

1st Proselytism, Chapter of Forgiveness, which urges Faenen to forgive anyone and everyone, including oneself, no matter the wrongdoing.
1st Proselytism, Chapter of Recruitment, which emphasizes the importance of guiding unbelievers to Faenen's light whenever reasonably possible.
1st Proselytism, Chapter of Vigilance, which teaches Faenen to be aware of, and spread awareness of, wrongdoing, especially within their local communities. One parable that reprintings of the Neryvere sometimes use to illustrate this virtue is that of a family member publicly denouncing another for stealing, for our moral duty to follow the words of Faenen eclipses all else, including familial bonds.

The Neryvere is primarily intended for children, as well as adult converts who know little of Faenen's teachings. Faenen's intermediate teachings, which cover all of the same topics found in the Neryvere, but in much greater detail and from a more challenging perspective, are written in the Miryvere, which also includes topics not discussed in the Neryvere.

An example of a more challenging subject, as well as differences between reprintings: the last mentioned parable in the Neryvere's Chapter of Vigilance is usually included in the Miryvere and replaced by a simpler parable in the Neryvere, for children and other initiates often struggle with the idea of publicly shaming a family member for the sake of saving them from damnation.

The Foryvere is the most complicated book of Faenen's teachings, typically studied only by scholars and priests. For completeness, it's always prefaced by both the Neryvere and Miryvere which, combined, are shorter than the Foryvere.]