
░▒▓Smoke Rituals▓▒░
These curses can be played off as happenstance.

Curse of Paranoia
Steal several items of no major significance from your enemy's abode in broad daylight. Leave similar, albeit less valuable, items in their place, and offer a silent prayer to Skribbit before departing. Choose the objects carefully; do not make it obvious that someone is plundering their home. After two days have passed, repeat this process exactly one time: no more, no less.

For best results, on the second day, leave a single rose (also known as a "red poppy") outside their home in an area where it draws enough attention to be noticed, but is subtle enough to make your enemy wonder if it was always there, but they simply hadn't noticed it. Use this curse no more than once every two weeks, making sure to plant the rose in a different location each time when applicable.

Curse of Famine
Sacrifice a loaf of bread to Skribbit through the use of fire and a still-living cow, pig, or chicken by use of a blade. Seek out and destroy your enemy's crops, as well as any livestock they may own. Do not make it obvious that their destruction was not an accident. Whenever possible, try to lure a wolf over to their livestock.

Curse of Spatial Reversion
Collect a stack of arcane blocks (soul sand, netherrack, end stone, etc.). Sacrifice the stack of blocks to Skribbit in a lake. Carefully destroy a portion of your enemy's abode in such a way that it appears as though the chunk it was in has "glitched" and been reverted to its natural state, before anyone had built there. The more chests and shulkers they had in that chunk, the better.

▄██Shadow Rituals██▄
Self-evident curses which cannot be tied to you, specifically. All your enemies should know is that someone, somewhere, has it out for them.

Curse of Irritation
After nightfall, stand before the entrance of your enemy's abode and spin in place until disoriented. Next, without entering their home, tunnel underground and build what's known as a "redstone clock" below the area where you think they spend the most time. Connect a trail of redstone from the clock to one or more doors, still underground. The doors will continuously open and close, making noise each time they do so. Leave the underground chamber by following the path you dug to create it, facing toward your redstone contraption as you walk away. Do not look away from it until you reach the surface, at which point you should conceal the tunnel you made, then depart.

Curse of Spatial Anomalies
Collect two or more stacks of arcane blocks (soul sand, netherrack, end stone, etc.). Sacrifice one stack of blocks to Skribbit in a lake, then replace one or more portions of your enemy's abode with arcane blocks. Consider in advance whether you'll do this in a structured manner (replacing an entire room's wooden blocks with netherwart blocks, for example) or a chaotic fashion (replacing only a few blocks on one side of a room, for example, whilst replacing most of the blocks on a different side of the same room).

Curse of Whispers
On any night except the night of the new moon, after midnight but before the end of the witching hour, spread rumors about your enemy in private messages to those who seem susceptible to lies and manipulation.

Curse of War
When even all of the previous curses combined seem insufficient to punish one's enemies, there is another, far stronger calamity that should suffice. It is not for the faint of heart, the foolish, nor those who are not fully committed to the art of revenge.
There exists an abomination so deadly and incomprehensible, I hesitate to commit its name to paper. Horrifying as it is hazardous, exceedingly few have ever laid eyes upon it and lived to tell the tale. Even so, it is this very danger that makes it so suitable for the destruction of one's enemies, as its mere presence is enough to wreak devastation upon the world.
Read the first letter of each sentence to reveal its name, then learn the unholy ritual to summon it into our world - specifically, into the home of your unwitting enemy.

༎¦¡Blood Rituals¡¦༎
These curses will make you known to your enemies.

Curse of Pestilence
Mix equal parts water and nether wart in a bottle, then stir vigorously. Add an eye of spider, followed by glowstone dust, and finally gunpowder. Shake lightly just before throwing at your enemy and attacking them with killing intent. Even if they manage to escape, they should be severely weakened by the poison that's seeped into them.

Curse of the Bedridden
This curse is too powerful for mortals to use. If it's discovered that you've used this curse against someone, it's highly likely that the elder gods will banish you from this world forever. The only clue regarding this curse's nature lies in its name.

Curse of Forbidden Books
This curse is too powerful for mortals to use. If it's discovered that you've used this curse against someone, it's highly likely that the elder gods will banish you from this world forever. The only clue regarding this curse's nature lies in its name.

✲*ﾟIce Ritualsﾟ*✲
Rituals to bless oneself or one's fellow Skribbles.

Blessing of Recovery
Combine an equal measure of red speckled mushrooms, brown button mushrooms, and oxeye daisies in a vessel of your choice (e.g. a wooden bowl). Add water and stir vigorously over an open flame until the stew thickens. Drink with milk - ideally enough to fill a bucket - until recovery is achieved.

Blessing of the Sea
Craft a fishing rod. Three sturdy branches and two coils of spider string ought to suffice. Bless the fishing rod at an enchanting table (see The Burgeoning Witch's Essential Apparatuses for more information) under the light of a first quarter moon or fuller. The closer to a full moon, the better.

Whilst fishing with your enchanted rod, you'll occasionally find enchanted books. Apply these books to your rod at an enchanting table to increase the potency of its magick. This will create what's known as a "feedback loop" - the more powerful it becomes, the more often you'll find enchanted books, allowing it to become more powerful still.

If, at any point during this process, it seems as though your rod is on the verge of ruin, repair it at any old anvil. You can also combine two enchanted fishing rods at an anvil to combine their effects, a trick you should make good use of whilst on the path to making the perfect fishing rod. If you're lucky, you may even find an enchanted book capable of making your fishing rod repair itself as you use it. And speaking of which...

Blessing of Life
It is said that there exists a number of men who have a virtually unending supply of enchanted books - particularly books that, when applied to tools, weapons, or armor, allow them to mend themselves over time. If you cannot find such a man, then try creating one artificially.

There are means of creating homunculi for the sake of trading emeralds with them once they reach adulthood, but despite much research, the author is unaware of how to effectively go about making them. One lead you may find useful: locking up adult villagers in a confined space and gifting them with food makes them far more cooperative.

Blessing of Impact
This blessing is too powerful for mortals to use. If it's discovered that you've used this blessing, it's highly likely that the elder gods will banish you from this world forever. The only clue regarding this blessing's nature lies in its name.
