
1: Never cheat a fellow Aurumite. 2: Dead people close no deals. 3: Once you have somebody's resources, you never give them back - unless it's at a higher price. 4: Never spend more than you have to. 5: Anything worth doing is worth doing for a fee. 6: The only value of a good or service is how much somebody else will pay for it. 7: An Aurumite without regular profits is no Aurumite at all. 8: Never place personal relationships above profit. 9: You're a merchant, not a laborer. 10: Always ask yourself, what's in it for you?

11: Friendship is temporary; profit is eternal. 12: Don't tell prospective buyers more than they need to know. 13: You are not responsible for the ignorance of others. 14: Employees are the rungs on the ladder of success: don't hesitate to step on them. 15: Blood is thicker than water, and gold is thicker than both. 16: A friend in need is more exploitable. 17: Never underestimate the stupidity of the average consumer - the sheep §lwant§r to be fleeced. 18: You can't free a fish from water. 19: Ambition knows no family. 20: Learn your customers' weaknesses and vices, then exploit them.

21: Reward anyone who contributes to your profits so they will continue to do so - but don't be generous about it. 22: Sell the sizzle, not the slab of meat. 23: Flattery and half-truths will get you everywhere. 24: Everything is worth something to somebody. 25: Always emphasize your expenses and imply they justify the costs. 26: A sense of gratitude can induce reckless generosity. 27: Every person has their price. 28: Real friends don't ask friends for a discount. 29: If they break it, they've bought it. 30: Treat your employees and people in your debt like family: exploit them.

31: If they accepted your first offer, you either asked too little or offered too much. 32: A done deal is a done deal - unless you have a better one in mind. 33: Never begin a negotiation on an empty stomach, exhausted, or otherwise distracted. 34: Never make fun of an Aurumite's family. Insult something they care about instead. 35: Business and fair play are mutually exclusive. 36: Knowing your enemies is the key to knowing when to do business with them. 37: Stay neutral in conflicts so that you can sell supplies to both sides. 38: An Aurumite chooses no side but their own. 39: Every once in awhile, declare peace; it confuses the hell out of your competitors. 40: Never let your competition know what you're thinking.

41: Vengeance will cost you everything. 42: It's better to lose some profit and live than to die and lose it all. 43: It's better to swallow your pride than to lose out on profit. 44: There are many paths to profit; be open-minded. 45: Never judge a customer by the size of their wallet: good things sometimes come in small packages. 46: When it's good for business, tell the truth. 47: The happier the prospective buyer, the easier they are to deal with. 48: Offering insincere thanks costs you nothing and makes the recipient easier to butter up. 49: It never hurts to suck up to the boss. 50: Know when to walk away.

51: When in doubt, lie. 52: Keep your lies consistent; practice them if necessary. 53: A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on. 54: If there's no record of an agreement, it never happened. 55: Mockery, condescension, and holier-than-thou finger wagging are always bad for business; who knew people want to be treated with respect? 56: There's no such thing as scams - only surprise transaction mechanics. 57: A good lie can be easier to believe than the truth, and all anyone wants to hear is what's believable. 58: Whisper your way to success. 59: Never cheat someone who's a threat - unless you're sure you can get away with it. 60: You won't get in trouble if you don't get caught.

61: Even in the worst of times, someone's turning a profit: that someone might as well be you. 62: Hope and faith don't keep the lights on. 63: Dignity and an empty sack are worth the sack. 64: Charity is fine, so long as it winds up in your pocket. 65: There is no honor in poverty. 66: No act of cruelty can tarnish the shine of profit. 67: Let others keep their reputation: you keep their resources. 68: Control your emotions, conscience, and vices, lest they control you. 69: No good deed ever goes unpunished. 70: A wealthy person can afford anything, except a conscience.

71: Never trust a beneficiary. 72: Hear all; trust nothing. 73: There's always a catch. 74: Always leave yourself an out. 75: If you can't get out of it, it's not worth getting into. 76: Always inspect the merchandise before making a deal. 77: The bigger the smile, the sharper the knife. 78: You usually get what you pay for. 79: Risk does not always equal reward. 80: Anyone with even half a brain, given even half a chance, will try to profit off of you.

81: With enough resources and ingenuity, you can even buy fate. 82: There's no such thing as an unfair advantage. 83: If you found it first, it's yours. 84: Make your shop easy to find - location, location, location. 85: The early investor reaps the most interest. 86: Never be afraid to mislabel a product. 87: When in doubt, target the biggest suckers. 88: Only a fool pays retail. 89: Every customer's patience is finite; dazzle them to seal the deal as soon as possible. 90: Profit is its own reward.

91: The shadow cast by risk is far larger than risk itself: don't fear it. 92: A wise person can see profit coming over the horizon. 93: When life hands you lemons, sell lemonade. 94: There's always someone with more resources than you; study the path they followed. 95: The only reward greater than profit is more profit. 96: Profit will always come back to you, no matter your mistakes, so long as you don't give up. 97: §lEverything§r is for sale. 98: Ask not what you can do with your profits, but what your profits can do for you. 99: Passive income - a lasting source of profit in exchange for nothing - is the pinnacle of commerce. 100: Passive income cannot be obtained with a passive demeanor.

101: When no appropriate rule applies, make one up.
